according all right hi everybody welcome
to the jazz core dev team weekly sync
it's the 17th of December we're running
out of time on this year so let's do
this quickly
we're 5 minutes late all hands ran over
a little bit but that's okay we're still
in good spirits that coexisted a amazing
demo on your hands so you should go and
watch that if you didn't see it the
first time around
cool the notes are in the crypt pad if
you haven't already please put your name
here 10 DS list jacob is not coming you
know what this means guys can I get a
volunteer for taking notes raise your
hand or type me in the chat all right
Alex thank you you're a sweet I'm cool
okay that's that's that so what's next
next we do what we normally do and we do
it round of what you did last week what
you're going to be doing this week and
stuff that you're blocked off so let's
get that over and done with who is first
unlist
is Jacob who's not here okay so looks
like he has finished wake finish thought
fixed Limpy to be not started yet oh yes
so there's an arrow with the p2p
throwing an error saying it's not
started which scene so he fixed he seems
to have improved connections trekking
for Limpy to be switched which is great
he's been doing okay our planning he's
not blocked he is finishing off some
little poppy demon work next and the PHP
crypto exploring support for the p2p
keychain if you have any questions about
that and please get in contact with
Jacob after the call next on the list is
Volker would you care to share your
update to profess hi I still work on the
ILD API stuff and so I currently work on
spreading it into ipfs itself studying
with me to me/cfs importer and exporter
and it's surprisingly easier than I
thought
in the IP API seems to be to work quite
well since yeah they were still working
on that and yep it's all that's any
questions for Hoka I have a question
the so what what what does I mean have
you implemented the API in all of the
different formats or the hata where
where are you released so I've done two
things so one thing is I've courted the
big protocol buffers format to the new
host spec because it's the hardest one
to do to see if it works and in parallel
I also add the Lee there's also an API
spec update for is IP LD and now my
current plan is to first get that chase
I only done so it will still work with
the old formats and then we can upgrade
the whole chain basically but I plan to
do it in January so not not before end
of the year and the are they sent I take
it they're not released you know I make
sure busy works and then I will double
it up and it also basically is the
combination also with the pacing
iterator and awesome endeavor basically
that also the whole thing else which is
two promises yes
continue please assign me is like a
reviewer when you do these I'd really
like to okay yes I will yeah so I will I
will do it once I have something but I
so clearly so the plan is as the read
suggested that this week just to see if
everything works and then yeah publish
them before I need to change all of the
accident she can assign me as a review
yeah yeah
go okay thank you okay any other
questions okay all right I'm moving on
it's faster
so last week I updated the request with
fixes that we did in GS and decide to
have interoperability in the episode
protein I already asked today review to
Steven hoping to finish this during this
quarter yet then in the DHT awesome
endeavor
I fixed Alan's reviews however when I
enabled all the all the tests of the
test fit with the DHT neighborhood I got
a lot of flaky tests all over the
codebase and I'm I've been mostly of
last week and still this week fixing
flight tests that appeared to like break
now we know I've found most to guaran
every time working finding my chain but
the CI still complains I I'm still
working on it then in the libera Pearman
climates I finished tests for the basic
commands and I also started the H
documents I have the Giacometti link if
you want to check it i also close with
jacob chauhan okay ours for just the PGP
and I presented before the IPTV DHT test
simulator so I'm not blocked on anything
right now
more or less in the HD stuff but I think
myself and Dolan will handle it so for
this week I want to finish the
retrospective and Auclair scoring
finished the HD awesome endeavour stuff
fix a car DHT bug the data reported that
basically that we are having way too
many peers connected and something is
wrong like Oh add valuable input on that
and I will look at it afterwards during
the lipid fear
human client I want to finish the DHD
comments to create per request I will
also be helping set Azure this week with
the workshop in the university over and
finally I want to also start the basic
interrupt tests after finishing the PR
for the demon client and that's all for
me any questions
cool thank
much doesn't look like there's any
questions next on the list is me okay so
it done when we're done so I've been
implementing the new ad from methods in
JSI BFS were in you kill things for the
HTTP client but have been promoted to
the route namespace and and are now in
the interface like my first course so
they need to be in friend that I added
one for ad from stream and ad from FS
and from FSI foot merged there but it's
not actually managed yet so that's a lie
sorry but it's very close it's really
close the CID based CID base option is
now in and unmerged ready to go so
that's good the the changes I did to the
repo for Co ID version agnostic getting
so putting in CID v-0 and getting at
getting it back with a CID v1 they were
done and there was some fallout from
that that needed to be fixed up in the
in upstream in Jos ipfs so that was that
was all done and merged and then I did a
whole bunch of other PRS that are less
important and less interesting and I did
some reviewing of the DHE PR and project
roadmap and currently the only thing
blocking the chair so if has Siri
fateful release is that PR that I
mentioned that it hasn't quite been
merged yet and from our FS as well as
the DHT one but I'd rather get the DHT
one I don't want to rush this and get it
in really quickly so let's get it let's
get it to a good standard before we
release it but what I recommend if
you're at all interested in having a DHT
nsj IVFs is to switch into that branch
and what your peers go up like mad
because we've got an interoperable DHT
and it's super brigh and exciting see
you should go an Avenue
it's really cool and it's so close it's
so close cool next up I need to do
quarter 1 2019 planning with you fine
people so we are running out of time if
you could please put your ideas for what
you're going to be doing for quarter one
on the PR that I've made on the team
management repo and fill in a
retrospective I've been doing a
retrospective today and thinking about
what I'd like to do I just need to know
that down and we'll get that done and
then I'm presenting that on Wednesday
and that is me any questions
I'm so vaguely on track 434 to come out
before Christmas yes and no like I said
it's currently blocked by the DHD being
ready to go in that's that's probably
the only one that's gonna that is a can
affect it and I'm Eva well if it if it
went in tomorrow I could maybe get it
released into on time but yeah it's
looking unlikely to be honest it might
be early January the bead what can we do
to help it happen Isaac perhaps Pascal
as I can more convenient say you know so
basically now I have all the tests like
nine and ten times passing in my
computer but in the CI mostly in Linux
and Mac OS I have like since I have
flaky tests like that's that usually
test but sometimes do not pass through
timeouts or even more random stuff and I
also have lots of JavaScript a peep out
of memory and I'm kind of trying to fix
them but as I have to wait like one hour
to have a test running I and then only
in the CI I'm not sure how you can help
and instead or my guess would be just
try to run the tests in your computers
and if you have problems report to me or
try to fix them so like it seems like
it's like a resource problem because
like you just have a more powerful
laptop like you don't see those things
happening but like you can totally
simulate a less powerful laptop
otherwise it's like reducing the amount
of memory that goes into nodes or even I
just creating a VM that's like Seenu is
a similar mix Linux environment in CI
that will make it more fast reproduced
and in yeah I like not trying to
distract everyone but like I think it
would be pretty cool if we managed to
cut well if people have the time to kind
of like help here because it would be
like one of those moments where that BFS
team and I build a team I see that there
is a requirement of a peer to peer and
clearly not enough resources to deal
with the demand and so if we can I just
like help that against the finish line
be awesome
if not it does fine I saw a hand from
Alan or Alex like okay Alex go ahead
yeah I mean it's not over still quite a
lot of work to be done on the DHT like
is it worth maybe pulling it from the
release and putting it into 30 fine
that's also very point yeah if people
are in agreement with that then yeah we
can we can get Jess for ipfs 0:34 out
the door tomorrow if you like
it wait like yeah do you know that would
be fine it won't have this big bang for
buck as I said yes it does at the moment
still a lot of exciting stuff there yeah
absolutely absolutely I am
I am fine either way yeah and I think
like part of the recent work was also
it's easier not been able to HD so like
you can still say oh like if T is from
alpha to Bella like just use this why
because it's easier now to enable it in
other users can I help debug things if
they want okay can we take a vote
yeah that sounds good once
0:34 let's do two around so I captioning
option B so like who wants
0:34 really this week without HD raise
your head like so at four five by wants
option B which is wait for next year to
like like and again like wait for next
year doesn't mean like we have these
ready on the first week of January
there's still work to do but I can only
really see say again
oh I'm sorry I vote it wrong I mean like
wait for next year
for the whole thing okay so me like so
one side we have sheepish 0:34 which has
a bunch of new features about super
robust and reliable and solid and like
the API is fixes and so on but I keep
the 0:34 without the DHT component right
okay new thing this week the other
option is do not release anything this
week and and like just say vow it all
together for next year the performance
improvements if I can pay my PFS is
using all that stuff right so okay just
just get it out like all the nice things
we already have solid and robust this
week let's see some hands okay 1 2 3 4 5
something with mine hey I got off she'll
be like let's wait three weeks we
actually don't know to wait to do at the
DT so that it can go out oh I don't see
so it's option B you can vote now okay I
guess like we have five versus zero with
some I would prefer to get something out
I think I think specially because of I
can't even type capacity scale so I can
Albert in here alex has been working on
I totally want to see this performance
improve is there like those are huge
cool okay who is decided thank you for
your time and alright cool so let's move
on quickly cuz we just wasted a bunch of
time not wasted productive voting but we
got sidetracked anyway who is next
I can brain Alex yeah
to
change the XFS importer to use an
in-memory IPL d this is great because
earnings of the tester now we're not
Foster to run and they all run in the
browser which previously they didn't
which is great so easily - yes so the
ones I race though are the massive
directories and they need a bit of
performance enhancement before they'll
actually work reliably on Jenkins
I started updating the ipfs HTTP project
which is kind of the next generation
imagine it's pretty ipfs
for the base is trying to update that to
work was kind of the new changes to the
object API and all that kind of stuff
and I got sick which is really boring
and so I had you know day out last week
I wasn't working on their scoring and
and the retro stuff and next up is okar
planning
finish off the HTTP thing and then I
really want to look at the repo
migration cool now probably meet the end
of the week in questions
can't see any hands cool okay cool thank
you Alex
just around and now it's gone
okay Hugo whoa you're a pig hi guys so
I've been working on the bundle size
stuff I've worn Pakistani Asia about
making karma and barbell builds all
default I also did prototype for the
azure dev ops CI which doesn't look very
promising because it doesn't allow for a
single job restart but yeah let's see
also did already did a rework on the
error proposal it's wrapping I'll be
applying the poly quest today or
tomorrow and yeah the rest is all about
the pokey questing every every repo
possible reducing the model size
httpclient it's done only p2p is also
done I'm finishing up the JSF FS so it's
almost almost done and the results are
pretty pretty great but yeah you will
see the final ones today or tomorrow
with some nice pictures so you can feel
the reduction I've made I'm blocked in a
couple of PRS the main one is the AG one
but I still need to figure out what's
happening with the some karma package
that I'm getting stalled on or are
detected by karma on drinking's
and after that I can start merging and
bubbling up all the poker quests and for
this week of finish the window size okie
are the error codes okay are hopefully
and today or tomorrow the rattle the
retrospective and for the rests it will
be planning okie are planning any
questions thank you material is not
attending this one just quickly so
there's a bunch of poll requests and
issues there that have been done and
he's plucked on a few there as well I
would check them out in a bit more
analysis next for Matteo and improving
ASIC management and reduced pressure on
the event loop and GCD cool crypto and
compact be a lift I'm cool and the other
Alex is also not attending today and
this is arrived note okay cool and he's
done first go benchmark that's cool for
the benchmarks run run clinic I guess
that just means it it runs now that's
great fixed scripts and fixing scripts
okay
and he's blocked on storing stuff on
ipfs okay I will also look at that at
some point and Ron you are here would
you like to give us your update yes so
yeah so I'm integrating what I did ok so
last week mostly fixed did a lot of
fixing on just a runner running it on
the dashboard in the on the bare metal
machine so last week I think the
dashboard was broken so that's been
fixed we've also added a lot more tags
to it now so we have a further before
the whole daily run we have a UID we can
actually map against you know so not
just a branch or a version but just even
each run can be tagged and then also
yeah we have the branch in version so
you can you know drill down to find your
specific criteria that you're looking
for in the dashboard so that's that's
looking a lot better and it's running
and we added IPS version to the info box
DB tag so mostly just a lot of fixes
around the dashboard itself and also did
so working with integrating the go
benchmark so it's very close the PR is
out I just there's a couple of fixes I
need to do to that but that will be
probably landed within a couple hours
from today and then also again to be
integrating the browser benchmarks which
will be at least one and then a couple
more bug fixes which potato's been
jotting down so that's me for this week
so any questions
alright it looks like you got off Scott
thank you all right we are at the end of
the list of people do we have we have a
few minutes left is anyone her oh we had
so other note so some people are on
holiday because I don't know there's
something going on I guess and and then
so I put this down no call on 24th of
December or the 31st of December because
it was also on the All Hands call the
people agreed that we won't be around
for that ones up good yes again will be
like I don't know drunk or something and
okay if do we have any other like
questions or comments or anything about
anything at all before we sign off for
this year no okay I would like to add
it's been very nice working with you all
for this past year and I very much look
forward to doing it all over again next
year yes yeah cool okay ours
do do that thing because I need to
present them and it's awkward when I
don't have anything to present so cool
all right thank you all for attending
and I'll see you next year have a fun
holiday time all right bye
[Music]